the mastic NT from VSN available now
this is Dave Palumbo with RX muscle calm
here at the 2009 IFBB Phoenix Pro shown
here with our third-place finisher and
very very happy person ZOA Lindsay you
go into the Olympia yeah
first time at oh yeah kind of thrilling
when the North American you come in your
first pro show you place third very
impressive lineup so are you saying are
you saying you're right yes I am right
didn't I tell you to go write it
congratulations Dave so thank you were
you surprised that I got third place or
that I qualified for the Olympia both
both um well I feel very honored to be
on the stage top three with two bedrooms
like exit one Miss Olympia right and I
do think that you know the density of
their physiques and the time they've
been competing you know they they
deserve their placings and I was happy
to be the place so as I'm not
disappointed looking forward to the
Arnold in two weeks absolutely I mean
I'll probably be scared silly but I'll
be smiling I've got a very good shot
it's high five there I mean given that
you're gonna add iris Kyle that makes it
a couple other girls even right so far
so I will take that as gold top five
okay okay so and if you're wrong what's
the bet there's no I'm never wrong no
I'm always wrong you see I'll take you
out to dinner
are you and your husband okay my
husband's big you know I know he'd say
sir but if if I win then what I you had
to take me out to dinner
that's sushi did it sit that's fair
every night you heard as I documented it
on Zola Lindsay third place here
qualifies for her first Miss Olympia
still be at the our old in two weeks
let's let her go eat any want any thank
you yeah I would like to just thank
everyone for their support I mean it's
you know a big endeavor to die for show
and you know my husband obviously you
know the drill with was like living with
somebody's dieted so in Japan
nonetheless yeah and you know he's
always been there for me and you know
family and everything so friends just
fans arcs muscle very good contributor
yeah and wave you training video we do
appreciate the woman's coverage Fisher
thanks our
de Palumbo Zoe Lindsay rx months
you